Update install-manual.mdx (#6653)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/install/manual.mdx

> This guide will walk you through the steps to manually install and configure a new Astro project if you prefer not to use [the automatic CLI tool](/en/install/auto/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide will walk you through the steps to manually install and configure a new Astro project.
```
Let the tip do the talking?

> #### Prefer a quicker way to get started?
> 
> <p>
> <Button href="/en/install/auto/">Try the create astro CLI wizard →</Button>
> </p>

Reviewer 2: Thanks for spotting this @liruifengv! I wonder if actually the button treatment can be dropped now in favour of something more like what we have on https://docs.astro.build/en/install/auto/ ?

```suggestion
:::tip[Prefer a quicker way to get started?]
Follow the [create astro CLI wizard](/en/install/auto/) instead.
:::
```

Author: It's great!
